One of the greatest challenges
of humankind –
is the sufficiency of materials
in a world of decreasing resources.
VTT’s extensive know-how can
help you in creating innovations, –
improving resource efficiency and
developing recycling concepts.
Our expertise lies in the
thorough understanding –
of metallurgical unit processes
and their development, –
in addition to our knowledge
on the behaviour of ores, –
concentrates
and secondary raw materials.
Making the most of raw materials
and side streams, –
VTT develops concepts
for the circular economy, –
including the separation
of metals from plastics, –
and processes that minimise
waste streams and the use of water.
Batch and continuous
metallurgical experiments –
are run with our automatically controlled flexible pilot system, FLEXMET.
It is part of VTT’s comprehensive
Bioruukki pilot facilities.
FLEXMET can be extended and scaled
to meet a variety of customer needs.
In addition, our in-house
analytical services –
enable real-time monitoring
of processes.
Partner with us to create
sustainable business opportunities –
and to join both Finnish and
international innovation networks.